Example:
Sally Your Project Manager: (Inside)

Question: For example, "Watershed project manager" might be one such stakeholder. A question you might ask this stakeholder is: 
"Who will be making the final decision about whether or not Watershed will enter the short-term rental market?"

List one stakeholder/role, explain whether this stakeholder is inside or outside of Watershed, and list at least one question 
you would ask that stakeholder. 

Sherry Watershed's Financial Director: (inside)
Question:

List one stakeholder explain whether this stakeholder is inside or outside of Watershed, and list at least one question you would ask 
that individual.
Watershed's Marketing Director: (Inside)
Question:

List one stakeholder/role, explain whether this stakeholder is inside or outside of Watershed, and list at least one question you 
would ask that individual.

Watershed Owners: (inside)
Question:

Link:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/analytics-capstone/peer/8Nv8A/your-three-elicitation-interviews/review/xndRfJ1VEemVcA6Jh3AJzg

Peer- Graded: 
Stakeholder 1: The property owner who expressed interest in working with Watershed to convert some of his long-term rental properties to 
short-term rental properties. This stakeholder is outside of Watershed but must be included as a key stakeholder, since this property
owner is the direct user of the project's service.

Questions for this stakeholder: (1) What are your specific expectations for this project? (2) How does success look like to you?
(3) How often do you expect progress update?

In one of previous courses in this specialization, the instructor used a hypothetical project, The Stone Project, to illustrate how 
important it is to business analyst to understand the needs and expectations of key stakeholders. The business analyst jumped into the
project without eliciting the stakeholder's requirements and expectations and the result was frustration and abandonment of the project. 
The above questions will guide the stakeholder to focus on the outcome of the project, think clearly and specifically his expectations 
and requirements and avoid situations like the Stone Project. The answers will be extremely valuable. 

Stakeholder 2: Project Manager. This stakeholder is inside of Watershed

Questions for the project manager: (1) How would you describe the process of this project? (2) What data or information needs to be 
tracked and maintained? (3) How often do you expect progress update? (4) Is there a project charter or are there project guidelines 
that I should know of? (5) What assumptions, i.e., seasonal effects in rental rate, special promotion, furnishing costs,etc., do you 
want me to take into considerations at this stage of this analysis? (6) Who can I go to and get answers on average short-term rental
nights on a property, furnishing costs, contracting cost, maintenance cost or the regulatory environment of the short-term rental 
market?

The author of one of the article for which the link is given in the course website articulated that due to the nature of the working 
relationship, tension between the project manager and business analyst is inevitable. Some of the top reasons contributing to the project
manager / business analyst tensions are that project managers think:
(1) The business analyst doesn't realize the time pressures of the project and act accordingly.
(2) The business analyst doesn't understand the project management perspective.
(3) The business analyst doesn't understand the project manager role.

The four questions I am going to ask the project manager are signed to mitigate tensions due to the three tension factors listed above
and facilitate project progress. The project manager and business analyst both have a leadership role in the project. Tension does not
only erode the working relationship between the project manager and business analyst, but also impact the entire team and drain the 
project. Hence, I designed the four questions with the aim to facilitate communication, understand the PM's role and perspectives and 
ultimately, deliver, as a team, a successful project that meets the stakeholder's needs and adds value to the Watershed. 

Stakeholder 3: The Watershed executive who will make the final decision on whether Watershed will enter the short-term rental market or
not. This person is inside Watershed and will have a direct impact on the project and therefore must be included as a key stakeholder.

Questions: (1) How does this project add value to Watershed? (2) What does success for this project look like to you? (3) What would 
you be looking for when I present the model or what do you expect me to be able to discuss or explain?

The reasons for asking the above questions are simple: since this person will be making the final decision, the questions I stated
above are just too important to be not asked. A lot of the frustrations and failures associated with projects stemmed for unclear 
requirements and lack of communications. I designed the above questions to mitigate such frustrations and failures. Besides, I also
think that knowing what the decision-maker is looking for is critical for any project success. 

Some of the questions overlapped, i.e., I will ask two of the stakeholders "how often do you expect progress update?" Keeping key 
stakeholders informed and engaged throughout the life of the project , yet without overwhelming the stakeholders with all the details 
of the project, is key to stakeholder satisfaction and project success. I think the question "how often do you expect progress 
update" will help address that. Certainly, as the project progresses, the stakeholder's expectation may change and that's why agility
is important. 


Link: https://www.coursera.org/learn/analytics-capstone/peer/8Nv8A/your-three-elicitation-interviews/review/elJUA2YLEembLA6zIHv9eA

Principal owner/Investor of Property Watershed wants to re-purpose for short term rental. This stakeholder is outside of Watershed, but
still a critical voice in on what changes are made.
What has already been decided about the project? What has been decided about the project/product so far? What requirements have been 
decided for the product?  How large is the development team? If you know the constraints of the project, it’s easier for you to decide
on how ambitious you can be about research and resulting design changes. Questions could be:

This stakeholder is located inside Watershed Management and they hold the post of Managing Director/Manager:
What do you personally consider a success for this project? What worries do you have in relation to this project? How would you like to
be involved in user research? (E.g., see a report, participate in interviews, workshop the results.) Is there anyone else we need to 
talk to?

Finance Manage:
What is the reason we are doing this project/product? What are the goals of the project? What do we still need to clarify? Who are our
biggest competitors?


https://www.coursera.org/learn/analytics-capstone/peer/8Nv8A/your-three-elicitation-interviews/review/4zkRAJtEEemTSgq9XYarVg

Stakeholder 1. Watershed Financial Director, this stakeholder is inside of Watershed.

Question 1: What is the company's current financial model for the long term rental properties?
Question 2: Is there any regulatory environment surrounding the industry that we should take into consideration?
Question 3: Will Watershed pay for all the conversion cost of the properties?

Stakeholder 2. Watershed Marketing Director, this stakeholder is inside of Watershed.
Question 1: Do you have any data about what types of rates people currently pay for short term rental properties?
Question 2: How long do guests stay?  

Stakeholder 3. One of Watershed largest clients, this stakeholder is outside of  Watershed.
Question 1: Which part of the long-term rent are you ready to pay to Watershed?

https://www.coursera.org/learn/analytics-capstone/peer/8Nv8A/your-three-elicitation-interviews/review/zH2O_CQTEemRLgpDBdHrag

The  first stakeholder would be Marketing and Business development Director working inside of Watershed Properties.
A few questions I would like to ask that individual would be as follows: 
1) What are your expectations from me as a BA? 
2) What does success look like to you? What is the minimum amount of profit percentage that you would be willing to accept to consider to
actually expand into the short term rental?
3) Is there anyone who I need to speak to who is not on my list?
4) How would you like to be involved with the project?
5) What is the business doing at present to alleviate or solve the issue?
6) Are you under any type of time constraint?

The Second Stakeholder would be Tax Accountant CPA working inside of Watershed Properties. A few questions I would like to ask that
individual would be as follows: 
1) What are the biggest challenges your department would face if Watershed expands into the short term rental market?
2) Out of the properties Watershed manages, approximately how many would be subject to taxes such as Hotel Occupancy Taxes or other 
licensures and inspections. 
3) Could you shed light on any tax breaks associated with maintenance costs of operating short term rentals that Watershed benefit?

The third Stakeholder would be a lawyer working inside of Watershed Properties. A few questions I would like to ask that individual 
would be as follows: 
1) Are you aware of any restrictions by city officials or neighbor  on short term rentals arising in any of the locations where your 
current properties are?
2) Are you aware of any zoning limitations for the same?




# Elicitation Quiz

1. In your analysis, how much should you assume hospitality costs (for key service, cleaning,etc.) will be?

2. In your analysis, how much should you assume utilities will cost?

3. In your analysis, how much should you assume it will cost to manage the upkeep(replacements and repairs) of a single short-term 
rental property?

4. In your analysis, how much should you assume it will cost to manage the upkeep(replacements and repairs) of a single short-term
rental property?

5.In your analysis, how long should you assume it will cost to cover late rental payments?

6. In your analysis, how what percentage of a short-term rental fee should you budget for regulatory fees, such as hotel taxes or 
legal costs?

7. In your analysis, how long should you assume the typical length of a stay in a short-term rental property will be?

8. In your analysis, what percentage of a short-term rental fee should you budget for the online short-term rental provider 
(like Airbnb)?

9. In your analysis, how much higher should you assume rental prices will be during the summer months compared to the winter months? 

10. In your analysis, over how many years should you depreciate the capital expenditure required to convert a Watershed 
property to a short-term rental property?





